Improve massastation doc (#227)
massalabs/docs: docs/massaStation/faq.mdx

---
id: faq
title: FAQ
---

## Massa Station Installation

### How do I install Massa Station?

You can install Massa Station by following the instructions on the [installation page](/docs/massaStation/install).

### How do I update Massa Station?

You can update Massa Station by following the same instructions as the installation process. You can find the instructions on the [installation page](/docs/massaStation/install).

### How do I uninstall Massa Station?

You can uninstall Massa Station by following the instructions on the [uninstallation page](/docs/massaStation/uninstall).

### Installation failed, what do I do?

If you are having trouble installing Massa Station, please check the [installation troubleshooting page](/docs/massaStation/install-troubleshooting) for help.

### The installation fails because it is unsupported. What do I do?

For now, Massa Station is only supported on Windows 10 and 11, MacOS 12 and later, and Debian based Linux distributions.

> If you are using an unsupported operating system, you can try to install Massa Station manually by following the instructions on the [manual installation page](/docs/massaStation/manual-install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an unsupported operating system, you can still try to install Massa Station manually by following the instructions on the [manual installation page](/docs/massaStation/manual-install).

### I can't install Massa Station because it is blocked by my antivirus. What do I do?

> Massa Station is open source, anybody can check the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/massalabs/station). If you are using an antivirus that blocks Massa Station, you can try to add Massa Station to the whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to assure you that Massa Station is free from viruses, and the antivirus warning is a false positive. We're in the process of obtaining necessary certificates (such as from Apple for MacOS versions), which can trigger such warnings. 
Being a blockchain app, Massa Station interacts with distant servers and performs cryptographic operations. Antivirus warnings for new apps in this category are common but are mostly not indicative of any threat. If you are using an antivirus that blocks Massa Station, you can try to add Massa Station to the whitelist.

Massa Station’s code is publicly accessible and auditable on [GitHub](https://github.com/massalabs/station), which means that anybody can check what’s happening. It’s part of our commitment to transparency and security.
```

## Massa Station Usage

### How do I use Massa Station ?

We have detailed instructions on how to use Massa Station such as:
- [Browse Decentralized Apps](/docs/massaStation/browse-decentralized-application)
- [Install Massa Wallet](/docs/massaStation/massa-wallet/getting-started)

### Why can't I use Massa Station on mobile ?

> Massa Station is only available on desktop for now. We are working on making Massa Station available on mobile but we don't have an ETA yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Massa Station is a desktop super-app that, once opened, operates within your web browser. A mobile version is not available at this time.
```

### Why can't I see modules in module store ? 

The module store is hosted on GitHub. If you are in a country that blocks GitHub, you will not be able to see the modules.

> We are working on a solution to this problem, but in the meantime, you can install modules manually using the right panel of the module store.

Reviewer: Ensure users know how to do that (it's not intuitive). Add a sentence like: _To install Massa Wallet manually, go to this Github page and copy links to these files._

### Why can't I access Massa Station from my browser ?

Massa Station must be installed and running on your computer to be able to access it from your browser. If you have installed Massa Station, please make sure it is running.

If Massa Station is running, please check that you are using the correct URL. The URL should be `https://station.massa/`.

If you are still having trouble accessing Massa Station, please check the [troubleshooting page](/docs/massaStation/troubleshooting) for help.

### When I click on the "Install" button of a module, nothing happens. What should I do ?

This is a known issue that happens when a module is stored on GitHub. We are investigating the issue. 

> In the meantime, you can install the module manually by following the instructions on the right panel of the module store.

Reviewer: same as above

---
id: faq
title: FAQ
---

## Massa Station Installation

### How do I install Massa Station?

You can install Massa Station by following the instructions on the [installation page](/docs/massaStation/install).

### How do I update Massa Station?

You can update Massa Station by following the same instructions as the installation process. You can find the instructions on the [installation page](/docs/massaStation/install).

### How do I uninstall Massa Station?

You can uninstall Massa Station by following the instructions on the [uninstallation page](/docs/massaStation/uninstall).

### Installation failed, what do I do?

If you are having trouble installing Massa Station, please check the [installation troubleshooting page](/docs/massaStation/troubleshooting) for help.

> ### The installation fails because it is unsupported. What do I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation fails because of unsupported OS version. What to do?
```

For now, Massa Station is only supported on Windows 10 and 11, MacOS 12 and later, and Debian based Linux distributions.

If you are using an unsupported operating system, you can still try to install Massa Station manually by following the instructions on the [manual installation page](/docs/massaStation/manual-install).

> ### I can't install Massa Station because it is blocked by my antivirus. What do I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Antivirus blocked installation of Massa Station. What to do?
```

We want to assure you that Massa Station is free from viruses, and the antivirus warning is a false positive. We're in the process of obtaining necessary certificates (such as from Apple for MacOS versions), which can trigger such warnings. 
Being a blockchain app, Massa Station interacts with distant servers and performs cryptographic operations. Antivirus warnings for new apps in this category are common but are mostly not indicative of any threat. If you are using an antivirus that blocks Massa Station, you can try to add Massa Station to the whitelist.

Massa Station’s code is publicly accessible and auditable on [GitHub](https://github.com/massalabs/station), which means that anybody can check what’s happening. It’s part of our commitment to transparency and security.

## Massa Station Usage

> ### How do I use Massa Station ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I use Massa Station?
```

We have detailed instructions on how to use Massa Station such as:
- [Browse Decentralized Apps](/docs/massaStation/browse-decentralized-application)
- [Install Massa Wallet](/docs/massaStation/massa-wallet/getting-started)

> ### Why can't I use Massa Station on mobile ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can't I use Massa Station on mobile?
```

Massa Station is a desktop super-app that, once opened, operates within your web browser. A mobile version is not available at this time.

> ### Why can't I see modules in module store ? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can't I see modules in module store? 
```

The module store is hosted on GitHub. If you are in a country that blocks GitHub, you will not be able to see the modules.

We are working on a solution to this problem, but in the meantime, you can install modules manually using the right panel of the module store.

For example with the Massa Wallet module:
1. Go to the [latest Massa Wallet release page](https://github.com/massalabs/station-massa-wallet/releases/latest).
2. Copy the URL of the `.zip` file corresponding to your operating system.
3. Paste the URL in the right panel of the module store and click on "Install".

> ### Why can't I access Massa Station from my browser ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can't I access Massa Station from my browser?
```

Massa Station must be installed and running on your computer to be able to access it from your browser. If you have installed Massa Station, please make sure it is running.

If Massa Station is running, please check that you are using the correct URL. The URL should be `https://station.massa/`.

If you are still having trouble accessing Massa Station, please check the [troubleshooting page](/docs/massaStation/troubleshooting) for help.

> ### When I click on the "Install" button of a module, nothing happens. What should I do ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  "Install" module button doesn't work. What to do?
```

This is a known issue that happens when a module is stored on GitHub. We are investigating the issue. 

In the meantime, you can install the module manually by following the instructions on the right panel of the module store.

For example with the Massa Wallet module:
1. Go to the [latest Massa Wallet release page](https://github.com/massalabs/station-massa-wallet/releases/latest).
2. Copy the URL of the `.zip` file corresponding to your operating system.
3. Paste the URL in the right panel of the module store and click on "Install".

> ### Why isn't Massa Station working on Safari ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why isn't Massa Station working on Safari?
```
